---
title: The Problem with the Mainstream Engineering Establishment
---

The Problem with the Mainstream Engineering Establishment
=========================================================

By G.C.
-------

There is a major problem in the modern world -- the mainstream
engineering establishment.

This is a very major problem. In the following sixteen articles, I shall
enumerate some of the major issues with it, and I shall provide
effective principles and remedies by which to dynamically address the
current status quo. Additionally, I will present foundationallib, which
is built with very good computer software code, and it is an effective
tool, but not in line with current values of the current mainstream
establishment.

The largest problem with the mainstream engineering establishment is a
profound and thorough lack of free speech and free discourse in the
system. This is widely pervasive and is international.

Without beating around the bush:

The problem of lack of discourse in the engineering establishment and in
its perverse affected subjects (all of mainstream academia) must be met
by violence in order for them to listen -- inasmuch as they are
unequivocally extremely set in their ways, and they uniformly do not
listen to other views---maybe with a gleam or a fake uniformly
disingenuous smile, but never sincerely. The solution to this and the
only solution to the resolution of this -- is outright violence and
murder. They need to be murdered. Along with speech. That will get them
to listen to speech.

Because left to their own devices, they will not. And then the current
mess that we are all in, as enumerated in the following sixteen
articles, would continue.

People should adhere to what people smarter than them in a given domain
know in terms of understandings and reasoning abilities, if such have
been hitherto made. This means primarily mathematicians making a logical
statement. It doesn\'t mean adhering to climatologists who don\'t have
compelling arguments in terms of why one should act a certain way or not
-- this is political, and their arguments are ambiguous and not strong,
and not basic to people\'s modus operandi and how they operate and
think.

All action must be based on heuristics of the proper solution to the
Right Problem at hand. Knowing the Right Problem is more important than
any solutions.

The Right Problem is probably not what the individual is being told --
family, race, gender, economic circumstances, lack of education or
experience or being in the right place at the right time -- these are
all not the Right Problem.

The Right Problem is categorical and isn\'t based on the individual.

It depends on philosophical circumstances.

We are talking about human action, human techne, in order to resolve
problems.

A sub-problem is likely to be a lack of power in operation, in techne.

Therefore, people strive after connection, money, influence, high
status, in order to resolve a given problem, or problems collectively.

The Right Problem likely relates to survival and knowing as much as
possible.

But in order to not alienate the reader, I need not wax philosophical
about the topmost "right problem."

In human techne, in operation, there are also \"Right Sub Problems\".

A "Right Sub Problem" might be

  Postulates, Goals and Problems   Logical sequence
  -------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Postulate 1   ---                We exist and we think
  Postulate 2   ---                Our existence and thought is observed to be imperilled -- by us
  Sub Goal 1   ---                 Survival and persistence and existing -- to the highest level
  Sub Problem 1   ---              Now we have the problem of how to bring this about
  Postulate 2   ---                We can operate, but our operation is limited (by whatever factors)
  Postulate 3   ---                We have made machines.
  Sub Goal 2   ---                 We should increase our level of potential operation to its highest level, resulting in the highest level of general Ability.
  Sub Problem 2   ---              Now, we need to figure out how to execute this.
  Postulate 4   ---                Machines can increase our level of operation, our level of techne.
  Postulate 5   ---                Machines have limits themselves
  Postulate 6   ---                We should maximize machines to increase our level of operation, within ethical limits perhaps, aligning with our main real goals and subgoals (which are not necessarily all stated here)
  Postulate 7   ---                Machines are limited by as fast as they can move.
  Sub Goal 3   ---                 Therefore, we need to figure out how to maximize machines to their highest potential
  Sub Problem 3   ---              Our problem, then, is to remove from existence all things that get in the way of having machines operate well, which, in turn, aligns with our goals of being able to operate, which in turn aligns with our goal of surviving well.

Now, this Sub Problem 3 of Existence is interesting.

Human operation as of 2023/2024 DOES NOT align with this at all, no one
can argue it does. The machines we use are slow and clunky, needlessly.
This is on the hardware side. On the software side - the situation is
even worse. The world is not logical. It is not and it should be.
Alternatives are: logical world, good world, illogical world; a
semblance of Hell itself.

Logic is good. Logic is easiness is goodness is rightness is properness.

Illogic is all of the bad and hellish qualities of man.

Illogic is when actions are executed that don\'t align with a proper
goal.

Making messes without satisfaction of anyone and without any purpose of
the mess, is illogic. It is not good and must be purged.

We world is full of illogic. Most things are wrong.

We are on the brink of killing all of ourselves.

We don\'t postulate high goals often.

We don\'t align our actions with high goals often.

We aren\'t COGNIZANT of high goals often -- we don\'t even know of them.

The engineering establishment is VERY set in its ways. If you try to
denuclearize a country by telling them \"be more logical man, act
better\", would they humbly introspect and consult the most educated
mathematicians in an area, humbly delegating the high logic to them (not
the physicists or politicians or partisans, to be quite unequivocal and
clear, the mathematicians and perhaps logicians). Or would they turn to
their cliquish nature, reddit, their social media friends, their
hivemind, their hive-mind peers?

They don\'t act logically. For the last 200 years there has been one
debacle after another. This is not written as a high brow letter but as
an encouragement of proactive change -- NOW. Violence is the only
solution here -- and I hope people get mad at this. I am not a troll,
don\'t care about angering others, but angering others is the only
solution. Whether it be someone like Trump or someone on the other side,
we need radicals -- both in low levels and in leader levels, to change
things. Even Trump, early on, wasn\'t radical or violent, in many ways
he was the opposite. I want to be quite clear and unequivocal here.

Violence IS the solution.

The engineering establishment is too stuck in its ways -- in religion,
in culture, in non-criminality (a giant limiting trap), in social
status, in wages, in future plans, in past engineering "accomplishments"
(which is just arrogance and only contributes to the destruction that
we\'re still in), and in current vices.

Barring a bunch of people violating norms and laws, unabashedly, and
fighting to the highest of their ability, is it almost impossible that
there would be an actual solution.

We have become a culture of losers -- and to blame is the mainstream
engineering establishment since the industrial revolution for not
fighting back and revolting against themselves.

We need MORE criminality, MORE arrests, MORE violence, MORE speaking
out.

There is, unequivocally and without a doubt, too many people who expect
high salaries for the educated without moral checks, moral checks for
what is important.

Let\'s enumerate here how EVERYTHING in the current scene is failing.

**Income Equality** -- Lack of it.

In recent decades, under the influence of the so-called educated and
mainstream engineering cult, which goes hand in hand with business and
is the bread an butter of business, income inequality has gone to all
hell since they killed the USSR. The finger of submission is stronger
than ever in many ways, children are paying more and more for college
degrees they can\'t use as a symbol of submission and degradation to the
mainstream engineering establishment, and living is becoming harder and
harder the more they control. Their products get massed produced on a
larger scale, and there is more and more poverty in the populace, quite
ironically. Since the death of the idealism of the communism project
(which had never been shown to work but at least pretended to believe in
something, they have projected their arrogant, ugly claws more and more
on the average people). And, they are wholly undemocratic in their
viewpoints, they don\'t tolerate choice, talking or conversation itself.

**Climate** -- We are coming up with a million dangerous climate
circumstances. There is garbage articulation of the dangers here because
the engineers and people in charge of this act too insular and
sanctimonious -- actually, they want the climate to fail, it is in their
vested interests and the vested interests of many people for it to fail.
The general public doesn\'t listen because there is no one effectively
communicating about this -- and business doesn\'t want it and people and
the engineering establishment are disingenuous about this.

**Mental health** -- In their quest to control and subdue people, they
have ruined mental health for people in the modern world. Statistics
show that mental health is worse for the young than many times before.
They produce damaging drugs, push them on kids and people, and create,
overtly create, the conditions that ruin people, low income, a messed up
culture, perverse capitalism, social dominance and subjugation, etc.

**Nuclear weapons** -- Since the 1940s, the engineering establishment
has put humanity in peril and under their thumb -- they made humanity
their bitch.

The fake fear of the cold war and nuclear armageddon put humanity under
the whim of high level engineers and so called scientists who seek to
undemocratically dominate the world.

**AI** -- In recent times, there is another new threat, a product of
engineers, actually useful (as opposed to nuclear bombs), but much more
dangerous and strange. That is AI, and it is both a blessing and a
curse.

But, if the engineers, who operate on the basis of the worst qualities
that people have, continues unabated and unfought, then it is quite
plausible that a Terminator-like situation would come about, quite
knowingly and gleefully in the eyes of some cold creatures in an ivory
tower and glasses.

They have everything under their grasp, and it is quite possible that a
clique of elites would tolerate this because it would enrich themselves
and their rich and powerful friends.

At the expense of humanity.

Or perhaps it would be political, and the robots would be targeted at a
specific county, race, or group of people.

It would be interesting to see a Christian or a LGBT Holocaust. But does
anyone want this??

These people unequivocally hate democracy, unless they are in charge,
then they pretend its presence in most cases.

Democracy -- which many consider a face, only can exist in the context
of humility, of self-reflection, of down-to-earthness.

These people are NOT down to earth. They degrade people all the time.

They act on the level of 3-year-olds, smirking to themselves, only
permitting or acknowledging as "existing" or "relevant" their thoughts.

They are completely unqualified, have zero credentials ever, have zero
credentials I wish to repeat, and are unequivocally nobodies. It\'s time
people beat them into submission, literally and figuratively.

They should adhere to high logic and to the highest mathematicians\'
premises. NOT vested interests. NOT the military industrial complex
(which is their fault). Not to Big Pharma (which is their fault). Not to
any other interests.

The "spell" that people fall under, more so than wokeism, MAGA-ism or
other supposed ills, is the dictate of the engineering establishment --
they are wholly undemocratic.

They don\'t tolerate speech other than that which they deem okay. This
establishment is actually a combination of a number of different
establishments, many of which people hate, some examples of which would
be, the military industrial complex and Big Pharma.

The fake news mainstream media, which is really fake, whether your a
liberal or conservative, Marxist or libertarian, is dictated by the
cultural whims of these creeps, the engineering establishment. They
despise free discourse, and put in place draconian laws to curtail
speech and stifle liberties. For instance, hate speech laws. So called
"hate speech" might be the only way to overcome these people, to get
them to at least somewhat listen. It doesn\'t matter if one is a
far-left Democrat or a far-right Republican, this is all the same.

If you want to say something out of line? That wouldn\'t be tolerated,
and you would get fired or not get a degree or not get into a university
at all. You might lose your non-university job. You might be in poverty.
And this is okay.

Is it expressly, EXPLICITLY OKAY to be in poverty to fight this.

The mainstream engineering establishment perpetuates the lie that money
matters, that money is all that matters, that conformity happens and is
the way of things (they act like it\'s immutable), that one should get a
higher paying job and submit wholly to norms, that their backwards,
limited form of capitalism is all that matters, that love, empathy, the
decency of the individual, don\'t matter.

They don\'t listen. The proper solution to someone smirking and acting
in an ivory tower is literal human violence.

And this is the solution.

Ones other alternative is the continuation of the last 300 years.

Could you imagine the American revolution happening without violence? Or
any revolution you may favor?

One of their recent fake creations was the idea of \"human rights\".

This can about in the aftermath of WW2, which was their war, with the
support of the UN, which is their group.

The idea is that -- people should be woke enough to not stand up for
injustices, that people should be passive and tolerate THEIR fake
"development" of the world and world affairs.

Is the world safer since WW2? In any way? Or better?

Are you richer?

Their typical modus operandi is \"shut up and listen -- we control
things\". They abound in Greek and Latin terms, which, while many people
have grown an affection for, are arbitrary artifacts of ancient and
barbaric times.

Their basis is PRE-ENLIGHTENMENT -- PRE-ENLIGHTENMENT GREECE,
PRE-ENLIGHTENMENT ROME.

They don\'t have modern ideas or principles in their DNA. The old must
be purged.

Because these people hate democracy so much, they are actively selling
out to China, which doesn\'t even have a fake pretense of "human
rights," it just demands submission, something they surely relate to
very well.

They have spent decades now giving jobs to the Chinese and
turbo-charging their growth.

The major different between the West and China is, in the West, we can
speak out, at least in theory against this establishment. In China, you
will get executed. If we sell out to China, opposing this becomes much
harder.

Which is why it is time to opposite this NOW and fight this NOW.

We need a democratic engineering establishment and academic
establishment that operates in adherence to high logic from
mathematicians in regards to operation; tolerates dissenting views;
supports proper moral values; supports democracy; acknowledges the
revolutionary potential of people and supports it \[to fight for good\];
tolerates free speech and open debate on subjects like psychiatry and
Scientology (and god you know they can\'t do it right now, have that
conversation, they\'ll physically run away from you in person, then
start yelling into the air without context or reason, completely
immature) and the macroeconomic implications of that -- how this would
affect mental health, mass sales, etc.; is relatively more laid back
than the current engineering establishment and open to alternate
viewpoints and approaches in regards to the creation of things --
bridges, electronics, drugs, anything.

Every action besides raw violence is probably untenable with these
people. Try a more peaceful approach first or alongside the violent
approach. Don\'t be afraid to get arrested or in legal trouble. I
reiterate that.

I got in legal trouble in 2022 for the first time, I mingled with some
bad people, that perhaps I shouldn\'t have. Do I regret it? No. Because
all too often, people think that certain things are "scams" or "non
scams" -- blindly blocking out nuance or thought about certain things.
This is one of the biggest mental blocks people have. They auto-brand
things: "scam" or "non-scam." I "can\'t" do \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
because\..... But they CAN do \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. They CAN do that
thing.

But they think they can\'t.

And you CAN take the plunge into new things, into defiance, into
individuality, into supporting worthwhile causes, into rejecting friends
and associates, into become the true you, into candid sincerity, into
finding your true self, into knowledge, into research, into truth, into
revolt.

If cutting ties with these types makes a better you, then you can do
that.

No one should tell you that you "can\'t" do something, even getting
arrested.

As an important last note: and this is important. When people assume
conformity, when a man assumes his mistress must have sex with him, and
she is socially pressured, when there is group agreement about "the way
of the world" or the "way something works," one should know this:

\

**When violence is exerted, it acts as an effective substitute for that
which one is socially told they cannot express.**

\

This goes for liberals or conservatives.

It should be no surpise that the violent get nearly deified when their
tactics work -- look at communist revolutionaries or North Korea or
George Washington. When people fight (to be able to live and do the most
foundational thing besides eating and sleeping - speaking and expressing
thoughts) and create a land that is somehow "free" - those people get
practically deified.

If the woman slapped her would-be rapist, if the slave attacks his
slavemaster, if the common folk attacks the engineer or the engineering
establishment with force or a show of force, it effectively opens the
door to an increased range of discourse and a more democratic set of
circumstances. This, then, opens the door to an equitable, fair,
democratic process.

This is why things like January 6 or liberal protests can be valuable
and effective. Because liberals and conservatives try to shut each other
up, and sometimes people\'s eyes need to be opened.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

It is imperative that people in their 30s, 40s and 50s, and later years,
the "seasoned engineer" or the "professional" with "20 years experience"
or someone who has "settled" to engage in a self-determined, open-minded
and rationally-skeptical deprogramming in their lives -- and be willing
to be in a mental context that would be more conducive to disagreeing
with the mainstream engineering establishment and bring about a true and
honest range of discourse about all matters -- not just a cherry-picked
selection of topics "of interest" to be told to be curious about (most
of which are nonsensical, just look at the front page of Hacker News,
for example).

As with any deprogramming of any Cult -- non forcible means are ideal.

Only this cult is the most thoroughgoing and widespread cult that has
ever existed. And fighting against it might make you go almost sick.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

As for non-Western centric perspectives, this applies just as much in a
Chinese and Indian context -- more so in some cases.

However, what is quite interesting about these examples is that, since
Indians and Chinese live in developing countries, the powers-that-be
would be less reflexive of squashing dissent -- nothing is "wholly
settled" with a fake "consensus," and so there might be more of an open
mind to challenging the established authority (the West) by trying
different approaches. There is more potential of a macro-revolt in
China, presumably, in this particular regard, unless the West
demonstrates a macro-grassroots movement, which has not happened yet,
but is possible. There are certainly a lot more rich people in the West
than in the East, and the West has much more to lose. Moreover, when one
is sanctimonious, one then divorces oneself from reality. One becomes
obsessed with maintaining an image. The Chinese and Asian countries are
used to the dirt, only the West has had its head held up high.

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](index.html) [Next article](2.html)
:::
