---
title: The Fight
---

The Fight
=========

By G.C.
-------

With Foundationallib, I am striving for perfection, but also Ubiquity.

The previous articles, along with this, should unequivocally explain why
this software library should indeed be UBIQUITOUS.

Firstly, it is unimportant that I made it completely. It doesn\'t matter
WHO made it. It is in the public domain for anyone to use and modify.

It is not about status or prestige or thinking I\'m great or any such
thing. It is about REASON and LOGIC (see article 1 and 6).

I intend to make this library perfect and applicable for all use cases,
all while not introducing any bloat -- meaning it should be perfect on
embedded and high end desktops and servers - everywhere.

The fight is not about THIS library or MY library, it\'s for what the
previous article talked about -- those ideals.

IDEAL SPEED -- INCLUDING NO EXCESSIVE OPERATIONS

IDEAL OPERATION -- ALL ERRORS CHECKED UNLESS YOU DON\'T WANT SUCH

PROPER CUSTOMIZATION

MINIMAL MEMORY USAGE -- WHEN IT MATTERS

Moreover, on a more human basis, I want to:

Enable people to use computers properly.

Enable people to operate ably -- to the maximum degree of ability. This,
sometimes, when people use computers, would involve having there be code
for a custom operation not handled by a certain set of programs.

Conquer fundamental goals that people have and help others to.

I welcome all quality communications, contributions and feedback from
people -- in tests, new code, donations, validation, security, good
ideas, good advice, etc.

My email is gregorycohennew\@gmail.com and my PayPal is
<https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/cfoundationallib>. At least it is until
they maybe take it down, heh.

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](9.html) [Next article](11.html)
:::
