---
title: Nonsense
---

Nonsense - And On Speech and Democracy
======================================

By G.C.
-------

There is a lot of nonsense in the world and in the mainstream
engineering establishment.

It can be very difficult, if not seemingly impossible, to get a word in
edgewise with many people.

There is a major issue of having a limited range of discourse (in
politics, choice-making affairs, etc.).

\
\
\

#### On Government and Gerontocracy

A Gerontocracy would likely be a better form of Government and it seems
that the young are all too eager to exacerbate issues with Government
and Democracy, in a myriad of ways.

Here are some ways

------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   They look young and clean, demonstrating charisma, charm,
    \"popularity\" (and it\'s attendant superficialities) and deception
    over authenticity, candor and verbose and unpalatable or unpopular
    speech or discussions.
-   They have more energy, and are all the more likely to use it
    sloppily, dangerously or unwisely.
-   They have less experience and knowledge and wisdom, leading to worse
    outcomes.
-   They might even seem less formidable or intimidating to adversaries
    or peers.

In Democracy, and this is often overlooked, there is a major
*MECHANICAL* issue, and that is of the *MECHANICS* of increasing the
degree of new ideas put out there.

There is a misconception that this automatically \"happens\", even in a
\"free\" democracy. At its root, this is a struggle of interpersonal
relations and only happens to the extent that this is not stifled or
made more difficult by social and individual barriers.

The young are worse at improving this, the old are better at improving
this.

The majority of ideas are impeded from public discourse by old social
obstructionism or lack of individual strength.

If someone might want to suggest an idea, the mainstream conversation
impedes individuals from feeling empowered to express their thoughts or
feel like a member of the current discourse (\"current discourse\" is
being used here in a very general sense).

People who stutter or stammer, and this happens to many people, a large
portion of people, to varying degrees, actually would be the force that
could push through this and lead to a broader discussion.

Usually, the vital elements are omitted, the things that should be
talked about don\'t get talked about. In actual fact, the general
conversation is less than 1% of the Conversation that should happen.

People who stutter --\
          either have a disability (to varying degrees)\
          or are trying to break the mold here and open the
conversation, and, of course, naturally, they will not be able to
conceive of their ideas being reciprocated, hence mandating a stutter,
if it\'s not present due to a disability of some kind.

Even disabled people, not having to seem polished, in many ways are more
potent for Discourse, than a gleaming figure who doesn\'t try to fight
to get ideas (new or old), heard.

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](11.html) [Next article](13.html)
:::
