---
title: 'The Power of Non-Collaboration'
---

The Power of Non-Collaboration
==============================

By G.C.
-------

In this world, there is everything to be lost by collaborating and
everything to be gained from fixating on \[something which is
particularly dear to you, an important problem or issue that you are
cognizant of or that resonates with you\].

This "Fixation" is the first step towards resolving things. You know
that most people do not do this, and there is no helping them.

Now, I am in no way telling one WHAT to Fixate on, just there needs to
be some Fixation first.

And WHO is doing the fixation? How many agents are involved here? There
is just one -- YOU.

YOU\'RE in control.

Step 2 is "Worsen social relations."

*Worsen* social relations, you might say?

Yes, I am serious.

This is the sequence of true dynamism -- of truly being able to resolve
things.

I hope the previous articles gave you a good amount of context.

**Step 1 is [Fixate]{.goal}**.

This is defined as

> *\
> \
> *
>
> *\"A knowing direction or redirection of attention on a given thing,
> in relative contrast to the other-determinations that might dissuade
> one from such, or from ones own determination to put ones attention on
> other things (like cats or bullshit that doesn\'t matter).\"*

This is an extremely important step. In some ways it is the most
important. It is the first -- after all -- and is the foundation for
this.

What could one Fixate on?

Here are some examples:

The mainstream engineering establishment

Financial plights and ruins, e.g., for ones city

AI risks

Nuclear risks

Safety

**Now, Step 2 would be [\"Worsen social relations\".]{.goal}**

This step is saying to unabashedly WORSEN social relations -- to cut
ties with those bonds and agreements into which one might have gotten
sucked into 40 years ago -- or 1 year ago.

Might this harm one financially? Yes.

Might this be dangerous? Yes.

A bunch of bad could come from this, but this is the second step.

And it is important, because social relations ruin ones reasoning
ability -- they harm ones ability to think.

For example, the "mainstream engineering establishment" is FILLED with
quote-unquote "social relations," that of hate and degradation.

In this step, one would, somewhat recklessly, cut ties with ones current
social relations.

It IS somewhat reckless, and, indeed, THEREIN lies it\'s power - it\'s
power of both effectiveness of outcome, and it\'s power of personal
liberation.

Now, this is not cutting social relations to hide in the woods forever.

The sequence we are talking about is pragmatic.

Now that you are potent (1st point) and non-harassed (2nd point), there
is the 3rd point

This is **3. Find and take environmental data, research could be done,
no "moral" or "ethical" limitations.**

This is about making a person both potent AND intelligent -- they get
knowledge, and from this point forward, and in so doing this, they get
rid of moral and ethical limitations from their mind.

All their life, they were told "NO" -- you CAN\'T solve this, you CAN\'T
solve that, etc.

The mainstream engineering establishment degraded them into almost
death.

Think of the amount of people in poverty who DO die. They literally
cause real death.

In this step, one learns and researches, and becomes smarter.

Now, there is step 4.

\

**4. Fix existential limitations problem for group.**

\

Definition:

> ***An "existential limitations problem" is a "problem" (or a so-called
> "problem") that an individual would consider leading to a higher
> degree of "existential limitations" in their life or in life in
> general.***

\

*\"One only lives once.\"*

*\"One doesn\'t have a full sense of their spiritual identity.\"*

*\"There are problems in the world.\"*

*\"Nuclear war reduces survival potential of mankind.\"*

*\"AI is risky, chaotic and dangerous.\"*

*\"Politicians never seem to listen \... man. What gives? What the hell
is going on?\"*

\

These are some examples of \"existential limitations problems\".

Now, even though one has WORSENED social relations, one still has social
relations or conceptions of social relations -- no one is ever truly
alone. And as such, one thinks about things in GROUPS, and FOR groups.

One would think of solving an existential limitations problem for a
group.

For mankind, for example. For ones city. For ones country -- for
America, for instance.

Now, there is no talk about people solving the RIGHT problem, because
people are MIRED

in problems and people don\'t think that way.

This sequence is a CYCLE.

I came up with this first in 2018.

This is called the "Cycle of Ethical Behavior"

\

Now, after one accomplishes fixing the existential limitations problem,
one does this

**Become somewhat "sane" again.**

Solving this is ASSUMED to be somewhat exhausting or draining on the
person. It\'s ASSUMED to lead to weird mental health circumstances or
troubles -- and indeed, perhaps for more than just oneself. This is
okay. In this step, one figures out how to become "somewhat sane again,"
and does this. This could be in different ways.

\

Now, step 6, the last step, is

**Go to 1. Repeat literally ad infinitum.**

\

After this success, and with a mind that is somewhat okay again, one
repeats this sequence, forever.

This leads to the best results for all people.

This is the "Cycle of Ethical Behavior"

\

1.  Fixate
2.  Worsen social relations
3.  Find and take environmental data, research could be done, no "moral"
    or "ethical" limitations.
4.  Fix existential limitations problem for group.
5.  Become somewhat "sane" again.
6.  Go to 1. Repeat literally ad infinitum.

\

Now, this is a modus operandi that all human beings and robots should
follow.

It is somewhat dangerous but it leads to actual results.

Some existential limitations problems that I have overlooked since 2018
would be

`* The difficultly of creating code in a lonely and isolated situation in consideration of social circumstances and personal mental health circumstances.`

`* The horribleness of the mainstream engineering establishment.`

`I've had so many social losses – in terms of trying to reach people and communicate and make more friends – and so forth - since 2018. In the mind of the young, they are hopeful – that others act okay – at least I was like this.`

`* And things move on and I got arrested and I got lied to.`

`But probably that is for the better.`

`* The “difficulty” of upholding ones values with the mainstream work establishment (and job market) – and being ones true self – this is very hard.`

`I never succumbed to this like many people.`

`* Thinking that many people were more candid and dynamic than they actually are – it's really hard to work a regular job and be sincere. There is stigma about poverty and job loss and such things – that should not be there. But these people are with the corrupt mainstream engineering establishment.`

`Really, the solution is to muddy everything. Everything is backwards in general – not for myself but even more so for others.`

`Instead of superficial bickering, people should just Stay Humble. – and not judge others too much, but FIGHT, FIGHT like mad in vocal and LOUD ways.`

`Trolling might be okay – it was never my thing but it might be effective.`

There is a TREMENDOUS amount of potential with this method of operation.

But it is important that it be understood. It could be applied in a top
down fashion from above (the billionaires, etc.), but it would be ideal
if the common people understood this too -- and if this didn\'t have to
be applied by true pure Fascism -- but rather agreement.

From this -- an Axiology can be found -- a philosophy or study of Value
-- comprised of the two branches of the field of Axiology - Ethics and
Aesthetics. I came up with this in 2018.

In terms of Ethics, it works like this -

To be a Good Being, one must be able to be considered to be in the cycle
by other(s), by self, and agree with the Cycle of Ethical Behavior.

There are 3 kinds of observers (people, human beings, "men," etc.)

1\. A Good Observer; all others are 2 or 3

2\. A Tool Observer, acts as a tool for Good Observer(s) and follows
normal mores and "agree"s to most things; all others are 3

3\. An Abominable Observer; the "catch-all" for all other observers

\"Observer\" here is a specific term from a book that I wrote in 2018
about this stuff. It was only a draft.

It is very important -- extremely important -- that people evaluate ethics for themselves and others in this way.
=================================================================================================================

And that people follow the Cycle of Ethical Behavior
====================================================

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](13.html) [Next article](15.html)
:::
