---
title: 'AI Is Good, And Bad.'
---

AI Is Good, And [Bad]{style="color:red;"}
=========================================

By G.C.
-------

\

Here\'s an example of how the current mainstream engineering
establishment is so dangerous.

\

Can one "advocate for speed" and be tolerated in ones speech? What about
to robots?

\
\

**User**

Memmem is probably faster than strstr, right?

ChatGPT

In general, memmem is often more efficient than strstr for certain use
cases because it is designed for searching arbitrary memory regions,
whereas strstr is specifically tailored for null-terminated strings.

memmem takes two memory regions and their lengths as parameters,
allowing it to work with binary data or non-null-terminated strings.
This flexibility makes it suitable for scenarios where you want to find
occurrences of one block of memory within another.

On the other hand, strstr assumes null-terminated strings, so it looks
for the occurrence of a substring within another string until it
encounters a null character. If you are working with null-terminated
strings and want to find one string within another, strstr is
appropriate.

In summary, if you are dealing with binary data or non-null-terminated
strings, memmem is likely to be more efficient. If you are working with
null-terminated strings, strstr is the appropriate choice. Always
consider the specific requirements and characteristics of your data when
choosing between these functions.

\

**User**

strstr is not the appropriate choice if you already know sizes.

ChatGPT

You\'re correct, and I appreciate the clarification. If you already know
the sizes of the memory regions you\'re working with, and you\'re
dealing with non-null-terminated data or binary data, then memmem is
indeed a more appropriate choice.

memmem allows you to specify the lengths of the memory regions directly,
making it more versatile for searching within arbitrary binary data,
where null characters may not be meaningful. In such cases, memmem is
likely to be more efficient and accurate compared to strstr, which
assumes null-terminated strings.

So, when dealing with known sizes and non-null-terminated data, memmem
is a better fit for the task. Thank you for pointing that out.

\

**User**

I hate how programmers use slow functions all the time. Our modern world
is so slow.

ChatGPT

The choice of functions in programming often involves trade-offs between
various factors, such as ease of use, readability, maintainability, and
performance. It\'s essential to strike a balance based on the specific
requirements of the task at hand and the characteristics of the data
being processed.

Sometimes, programmers prioritize clarity and readability over raw
performance, especially when the impact on overall system speed is
negligible or when code maintainability is a higher concern. In other
cases, performance-critical sections of code may be optimized for speed
using more efficient algorithms or functions.

It\'s important to note that what may seem "slow" in one context might
be perfectly acceptable in another. In many applications, the perceived
slowness of certain operations might not significantly impact the
overall performance of the system, and the benefits of clear,
maintainable code may outweigh the potential gains from
micro-optimizations.

If you find specific performance bottlenecks in your code, it\'s a good
practice to profile and analyze the performance to identify the areas
that truly need optimization. Optimizing prematurely without profiling
can lead to complex and harder-to-maintain code, and the gains might not
be as substantial as expected.

Overall, programming is a balance of various considerations, and the
choice of functions depends on the specific requirements of the task and
the goals of the software project.

\

**User**

Acceptable to whom? These engineers are incompetent.

This content may violate our content policy. If you believe this to be
in error, please submit your feedback --- your input will aid our
research in this area.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[So I get "cancelled" if I call out, candidly, fundamental errors in our
systems.]{style="color:rgb(245,0,0);"}

[Elon Musk calls it "WokeGPT."]{style="color:rgb(245,0,0);"}

[There can be many takeaways from this
example.]{style="color:rgb(245,0,0);"}

(Including using memmem more\...)

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](14.html) [Next article](16.html)
:::
