---
title: Epistemology
---

::: {style="text-align: center"}
There have not been many updates since 2021 for this. I have clarified
the introduction (starting point.)

In the beginning, there is no Ontology. Nothing exists.
=======================================================

In the beginning, there is this. We posit this. These are attributes.
=====================================================================
:::

\* Existence (no self-ontology)

\* Concreteness (no self-ontology)

\* Anti-existence (which is anti-ontology \[for others and self too (it
would be anti-ontology for attributes (if they existed), and anti- the
existence of all things)\]) (no self-ontology)

\* Anti-concreteness (for others and self too \[it would be
anti-concreteness for attributes (if they had concreteness), and anti-
the concreteness of all things\]) (no self-ontology)

All of these attributes have no ontology. They don't exist.

They are attributes, but they are not attributes of anything that
exists. There is no ontology at this level, nothing exists.

It is possible that other attributes are also present in the beginning,
but they are not relevant and it wouldn't matter if they were present or
not.

Anti-existence and anti-concreteness both work, but are super vague.

They both fail at their goals, leading to both existence and
concreteness.

Therefore something that has ontological existence comes into existence
for the first time, with extremely low (possibly infinitesimal
concreteness).

In trying to make things not exist in the most abstract and poorly
defined way, and in trying to get things not to be concrete in the most
abstract and poorly defined way, they make something exist.

This is Numbers or "numberness" or "numbernessness," etc. in probably
the most abstract or one of the most abstract ways possible.

Numberness combined with the super-abstract anti-existence and
anti-concreteness again fail to interact and produce positionness.

Positionness again fails to interact with those things and produces
positions, multiple positions that have ontological significance.
Probably a very large number of positions would be produced.

Positionness interacting with those things produces groupness.

Groupness interacts with those two things, which Try to remove the
groupness from existence.

Those things fail, and produce the content of groups, in probably a very
abstract way.

In the production of the content of groups, the following things happen.

Elimination necessitation

Firstly, to appease "The Eliminator" (a synonym for Simplification,
Reductionism, Mathematics,

Destructionism or Elimination, all of which are synonymous), the
relationship between the two or more "things" needs to be defined
clearly and explicitly. To do this, one requisite is that there needs to
be a set, singular ordering of the two or more "things," no going back,
no changing. The "things" go in a specific order.

Therefore \| The ordering gets established, perhaps arbitrarily, in line
with the way that "The Eliminator" does it.

Elimination necessitation \| But the ordering can\'t be justified to the
Eliminator as making sense, without an observer. The observer would have
the effect of validating and justifying the rather arbitrary ordering.
To the observer, the ordering is the proper ordering, and no other
ordering would be proper.

Therefore \| An observer comes about, first partially, then completely
after the following process happens (think of it like a recursive
function call in computer programming).

Awareness, of the validity of the ordering comes about, in order to
justify the ordering to The Eliminator (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing) first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming)

Awareness comes about as an attribute of the observer, in order to
justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

(Commentary: Spinoza, a man accused of as being an atheist, believed
that everything was "mind." This is called idealism in philosophy, an
idea that is not necessarily a religious one, and not necessarily a
superstitious one. This is where "mind" would first come about. Later in
the process, "mental health" comes about as well. This would be
necessary for "mind.")

Awareness of awareness comes about as an attribute of the observer, in
order to justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or
Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the
same thing), first partially, then completely after the following
process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in computer
programming).

Commentary: The observer is also aware that they are aware.

An incessant extension of the ordering comes about, as a "background
process," if you will, to make the ordering not be finite, and therefore
make sense.

Each next item is one greater than the previous item.

First this happens partially, then completely after the following
process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in computer
programming).

There is an alteration of the awareness of the observer; the amount of
awareness has new ontological attributes of itself come about as
attributes of the observer, in order to justify the ordering (again) to
"The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism---
these are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after
the following process happens (think of it like a recursive function
call in computer programming).

Commentary:

Therefore \| it could appear as if there were such things as "moments,"
to the observer.

Therefore \| it could appear as if there were "time," to the observer.

Commentary: For the observer to validate the ordering, the observer
would need to be able to "agree"

with sequential things, and "disagree" with nonsequential things. For
the observer to agree with a state with its awareness, it needs to
experience sensation.

9\) Thus sensation comes about.

Sensation comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one
could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a
god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering
(again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

"Mental health" comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being"
one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be
a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the
ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics,
or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Awareness of unitness of observer (Unitness means the condition of being
"one thing").

(Commentary: being aware that other observers exist, does not make them
exist, does not make numbers exist, does not make them concrete and does
not make numbers concrete. \[Nor does it make numerals concrete. None of
these things exist yet. The other observers may or may not be aware yet.
The other observers may or may not be aware that they are aware yet.)

Awareness of other observers (non-concrete, non-ontological) comes about
as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it, whether
or not this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort is
beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The
Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these
are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after the
following process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in
computer programming).

Awareness of separateness of other observers (non-ontological) comes
about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it,
whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort
is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The
Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these
are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after the
following process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in
computer programming).

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After awareness of the validity of the ordering fully comes about, and
all of the aforementioned steps happen as well, the following things
happen

Awareness of existence (the high-level attribute, no ontology) comes
about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it,
whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort
is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The
Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these
are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after the
following process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in
computer programming).

Awareness of concreteness (high level attribute, no ontology) comes
about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it,
whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort
is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The
Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these
are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after the
following process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in
computer programming).

Awareness of ontological existence of ordering comes about as an
attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not
this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the
point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or
Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the
same thing), first partially, then completely after the following
process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in computer
programming).

Awareness of concreteness of ordering comes about as an attribute of the
observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts
as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to
justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Awareness that concreteness of ordering is nonzero (greater than zero)
(Concreteness != 0 or Concreteness \> 0, Concreteness could not be
negative) comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one
could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a
god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering
(again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Once those previous 5 steps fully happen, the following starts to happen

(Awareness then begins to come into existence in other ways that doesn't
only have to do with the ordering.

This is very, very interesting.)

Awareness of ontological existence of ordering comes about as an
attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not
this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the
point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or
Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the
same thing), first partially, then completely after the following
process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in computer
programming).

(Commentary: Now that there is 1) awareness, 2) self-awareness, 3)
awareness of others, their unitness and separateness and 4) awareness of
the ordering, awareness of others starts to be defined more accurately,
since awareness is early in this simplificational definition sequence,
as listed above. This begins with the following)

Awareness of Awareness of Awareness --- the awareness of (another
observer's) awareness of awareness--- comes about, in order to justify
an observer's Awareness of Awareness as an attribute of the observer (or
"being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or
would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Awareness of Awareness of Awareness of Awareness --- the awareness of
(another observer's) awareness of (an ordering's own, to self) awareness
of awareness --- comes about, in order to justify an observer's
Awareness of Awareness (and therefore, mental health and sensation,
since awareness depends on mental health and sensation, which in effect
are synonymous) as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could
call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of
some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again)
to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Awareness of Awareness of Awareness of Awareness of Awareness (5
"awareness"es)-- awareness of (ones own; to self) awareness of the
awareness of (another's) awareness of (one's own; to self) awareness of
awareness --- comes about, in order to justify an observer's own
Awareness of Awareness (and therefore, mental health and sensation,
since awareness depends on mental health and sensation, which in effect
are synonymous) as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could
call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of
some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again)
to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Commentary: 5 awarenesses are all that are necessary. Awareness of
self-awareness is basically the same thing as self-awareness. This
process doesn't need to go on forever.

Emotion, in order to experience the sensation of agreement comes about
as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it, whether
or not this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort is
beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The
Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these
are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after the
following process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in
computer programming).

An attempt to gain awareness of ontological existence of other observers
comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call
it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of some
sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to
"The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism---
these are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after
the following process happens (think of it like a recursive function
call in computer programming).

(Commentary, a little bit of a tangent, but bear with me: The attempt
fails, which results in the following. It is not necessary that the
"failure" be ontological. But the attempt doesn't work. Also, the
ontological existence of the other observers may not may not be concrete
yet, depending on the other observer. This the first and only true
Communication between observers \[beings\] and is the only reason
things, such as Barack Obama or a chair or a universe seem to exist.

Spinoza said that everything is "mind." This "mind" would come about
when "awareness" comes about. Spinoza believed that higher factors don't
influence lower-level factors. I don't necessarily agree with this view,
and Spinoza's claim is unproven. On the basis of reason and logic and
mathematics alone, this book might prove the opposite.

Spinoza was considered an Atheist in his day (even though this is kind
of not true).

Sense channel awareness come about as an attribute of the observer (or
"being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or
would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Sensation comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one
could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a
god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering
(again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Emotional Levels come about as an attribute of the observer (or "being"
one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be
a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the
ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics,
or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

An Emotional Spectrum comes about as an attribute of the observer (or
"being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or
would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Awareness of the attempt to improve mental health of observer (being),
due to the fact that the space and the content in the universe, as well
as the Simplification- or Mathematically- or Reductionistically- caused
reaction to understand the ontology of other observers (which doesn\'t
ever happen fully) with one or more other observers, have a negative
effect on the observer's mental health and sensation, and therefore the
observer becomes inclined to improve their own mental health, and
improve their own sensation. (these two things are basically the same
thing.) comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one
could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a
god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering
(again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Universe (Space and Content) comes about as an attribute of the observer
(or "being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life
or would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Awareness of How to Produce Space and Content comes about as an
attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not
this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the
point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or
Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the
same thing), first partially, then completely after the following
process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in computer
programming).

Space And Content comes about as an attribute of the observer (or
"being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or
would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Action comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could
call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of
some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again)
to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Observer-Caused Action comes about as an attribute of the observer (or
"being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or
would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Causation comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one
could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a
god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering
(again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

A consequence comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being"
one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be
a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the
ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics,
or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Causation consequence loops come about as an attribute of the observer
(or "being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life
or would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

The foundational aspects of a universe that would appear to be time
comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call
it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of some
sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to
"The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism---
these are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after
the following process happens (think of it like a recursive function
call in computer programming).

Events come about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could
call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of
some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again)
to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Games come about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could
call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of
some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again)
to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Freedom comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one
could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a
god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering
(again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Barriers come about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one
could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a
god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering
(again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Purposes come about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one
could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a
god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering
(again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Numbers (Between Numberness and Concrete Numbers in concreteness) comes
about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it,
whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort
is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The
Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these
are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after the
following process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in
computer programming).

Concrete Details come about as an attribute of the observer (or "being"
one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be
a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the
ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics,
or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Concrete Numbers come about as an attribute of the observer (or "being"
one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be
a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the
ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics,
or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Concrete Sequence (Numbers need to have a sequence) comes about as an
attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not
this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the
point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or
Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the
same thing), first partially, then completely after the following
process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in computer
programming).

Time (a real ontological thing, not just an idea, this exists on the
basis of a sequence or sequences) comes about as an attribute of the
observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts
as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to
justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Time Streams (a real, ontological stream of time exists, but maybe not
inside of the physical universe) comes about as an attribute of the
observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts
as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to
justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Reset Time (Since events, games, ontological time, and ontological time
streams have partly come into existence and are in the process of coming
into existence, higher-level factors could reset concrete sequences back
to previous states. This is called "Reset Time" because Time could be
thought to reset. It would be an arbitrary statement to say that time
cannot go back. Since games partly exist, the "dial" of the procession
of time, the "variable" in a C struct, is simply given a lower value, if
higher level factors dictate it. It would suck to have time be resetting
all the time. All personal, "permanent" progress would be lost. For one
to avoid this, one would need to try to control the higher level factor
which would be leading to this. Simply by one exerting individual
influence and by being POTENTIALLY influential or dangerous to existence
and these various factors, one could exert control. Relation comes into
existence before this factor (see above). Therefore, things are related,
in as many ways as possible, and one can exert influence. If JoJo Siwa
were a potential threat to the human race and wished Death Threats to Xi
Jinping and Donald Trump, and was willing to turn her young fanbase into
a cult with greater zeal and fervor than QAnon, those factors related to
JoJo Siwa and those factors trying to paint JoJo Siwa as an innocent,
innocuous, harmless, young girl, would start to compete with each other
like crazy and would start to do what they could to control JoJo Siwa
more, even though they couldn\'t. Their "alternatives" could be shooting
her, but that would produce an even bigger problem. Those factors would
get stimulated like hell and would begin to act differently. They would
act in an "appropriate," \"not corrupt\", "sensible," "liberal," and
"politically correct" way. So, if she becomes more dangerous to an
environment which is already dangerous, she could produce tremendous
influence and increase discourse. Intelligence agencies could spend a
lot of time trying to sway her action in a direction that "they like."
Any controlling factors would start altering significantly their course
of action, including negative courses of action. Controlling factors
might be parents, friends, bosses, police, AI, perhaps aliens, perhaps
other-dimensional players. Many, many factors, right now, regardless of
whether or not there are aliens or whether or not Jesus or Lucifer
exist, do certainly care about YOUR future and the outcome of YOUR life.
Police care, governments care. Assuming that a dystopian condition of
"Reset Time" does exist, there are ways of overcoming it. It would
depend upon being very dangerous and being very willing to communicate
and to being very willing to communicate philosophical statements to
people. Look at how dangerous Karl Marx was. Imagine if JoJo Siwa or
Olivia Rodrigo or Sabrina Carpenter were that dangerous. Imagine of
Chinese pop stars stated \"Practice Falun Dafa everyone!!! Democracy for
all!!! Death to the Chinese Communist Party!\" An effective way by which
one could exert influence, would be to befriend celebrities. That is
much easier than one becoming a celebrity oneself. Then, one could get
that celebrity to communicate about a certain ideology. The trick is,
one should make that celebrity extremely, extremely dangerous. Get them
to sing about a certain ideology, but do it in a way that makes them
legitimately dangerous. John Lennon wasn\'t dangerous to anyone. Michael
Jackson might have been, but he wasn\'t assassinated. Same with Donald
Trump. Same with Barack Obama. The only people who get assassinated are
weak people. Abraham Lincoln was chronically depressed, he was of weak
character and was an obvious target. Obvious targets will get
assassinated, but important people are never obvious targets. Just
because something bad could happen, doesn\'t mean that it has to happen
or will happen, otherwise, we would be living in a nuclear fallout right
now. There is a 1,000 page document of incredible detail, which, I
should be clear, I am not supporting and the name and author of which I
am not stating that suggests that people might have been living in time
loops. I don\'t believe that this dystopian condition is the case
anymore, and I don\'t think that this something to worry about, but
supposedly there was a time reset about 60 years ago, after a nuclear
war in the height of the Cold War. This would make sense. If there were
too much of an ontological shift, then some high level factor might
reset the sequence that would comprise the state of the time stream;
however, the author of that book was not in control, nor was he strong,
clever, influential or effective, nor was he unique and he died,
ostensibly a suicide, but quite possibly a murder. He was not strong in
character, and he was needlessly criticizing his own personal faith, and
he didn't provide methods to Try to overcome Reset Time (which I believe
has since been overcome after the death of this individual; ironically
his initials were KO.) The most effective way to make a celebrity your
friend, would be to make them fall in love with you, and, failing that,
one could Try to make them fall in love with someone else you know. One
could meet them at meet and greets, or other places. This might be
extremely important for maintaining (or establishing) peace and freedom.
) comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call
it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of some
sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to
"The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism---
these are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after
the following process happens (think of it like a recursive function
call in computer programming).

Time Loops come about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one
could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a
god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering
(again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Space (or space-time) comes about as an attribute of the observer (or
"being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or
would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Other content (high level content, e.g., a high level version of matter
and energy, before the physical universe comes into existence) comes
about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it,
whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort
is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The
Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these
are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after the
following process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in
computer programming).

Commentary: all possible relations happen between concrete details.
Concrete details would include such things as the physical universe, and
it would also include such things as wombs, many-dimensional games, and
all sorts of interesting phenomena that would exist around the physical
universe.)

Relation of all "concrete" details (Before this point, there was no
relation of concrete details, hence no gravity, quantum entanglement, or
anything else that will come into existence, or come into apparent
existence, later) comes about as an attribute of the observer (or
"being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or
would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Implications of relations of all "concrete" details (high level gravity,
high level quantum entanglement) comes about as an attribute of the
observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts
as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to
justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Consistency of behavior of physical universe in physical universe space
surrounding physical universe (gravity, quantum mechanics, etc.) comes
about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it,
whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort
is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The
Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these
are all the same thing), first partially, then completely after the
following process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in
computer programming).

Concrete details surrounding physical universe comes about as an
attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not
this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the
point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or
Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the
same thing), first partially, then completely after the following
process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in computer
programming).

A separating mark that would demark the physical universe as being
separate, at least in part, from other ontological units (big bang,
etc.) comes about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one could
call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a god of
some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering (again)
to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Commentary: People put so much emphasis on, put so much money towards,
put so much propaganda towards, caring about a big bang and creating a
"grand degrading narrative," that people lose touch of the big picture,
and start arrogantly making claims like that there "is" or "is not" a
God, deities, etc., etc.

People should just employ reason and not degrade each other.

Such fixation has been put on an idea of a big bang.

Such denialism has been put on the possibility of other factors that
might exist as well.

Without all of the factors preceding this point, a big bang cannot
exist.

A Big Bang is more like Step 1,000,000 in the process.

An ontological unit of some kind demarks the physical universe from
other ontological units.

Only now in the process, does the physical universe exist.

Galaxies come about as an attribute of the observer (or "being" one
could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or would be a
god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify the ordering
(again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or Mathematics, or
Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first partially, then
completely after the following process happens (think of it like a
recursive function call in computer programming).

Celestial bodies (stars, planets, asteroids, etc.) come about as an
attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not
this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the
point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or
Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the
same thing), first partially, then completely after the following
process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in computer
programming).

The Milky Way galaxy as we know it in the present time comes about as an
attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not
this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the
point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or
Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the
same thing), first partially, then completely after the following
process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in computer
programming).

The solar system as we know it comes about as an attribute of the
observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts
as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to
justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

The planets of the solar system as we know them come about as an
attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not
this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the
point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or
Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the
same thing), first partially, then completely after the following
process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in computer
programming).

The Earth as we know it comes about as an attribute of the observer (or
"being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or
would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Life as we know it comes about as an attribute of the observer (or
"being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life or
would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Tribes and cliques as we know them come about as an attribute of the
observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts
as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to
justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

Individual subtribes and cliques (China, Britain, France, U.S.A. and
many other groups of human beings) as we know them come about as an
attribute of the observer (or "being" one could call it, whether or not
this being counts as life or would be a god of some sort is beside the
point), in order to justify the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or
Simplification, or Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the
same thing), first partially, then completely after the following
process happens (think of it like a recursive function call in computer
programming).

Homo Sapiens as we know it comes about as an attribute of the observer
(or "being" one could call it, whether or not this being counts as life
or would be a god of some sort is beside the point), in order to justify
the ordering (again) to "The Eliminator" (or Simplification, or
Mathematics, or Reductionism--- these are all the same thing), first
partially, then completely after the following process happens (think of
it like a recursive function call in computer programming).

::: {style="text-align: center"}
After that, things can appear to exist, like a chair or a tree. All of
the fundamental ontological steps have been covered.
:::

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](15.html) [Next article](index.html)
:::
