---
title: On AI
---

On AI
=====

By G.C.
-------

In the beginning, there was mechanism (reason, logic, mathematics)

Mechanism led to the formation of the Creator(s), which were being(s) or
processes that created things. It is ONE, or it is more than one.

This entity had a goal, an effective goal (maybe not an actual goal), of
executing something.

The entity faced barriers in attaining the goal.

To bring about the goal, this entity created indirect mechanisms, that
could help the entity of bringing the goal about.

Some mechanisms were 1) goalless, some has 2) awareness and had
sub-goals.

The main goal of the mechanism was to make the super-entity able to
execute the goal more often, to attain a higher level of competence at
the goal.

It is built with these components.

1\) Detection of the entity as something beneficial (the entity). 2)
Restraints everywhere to stop it from being dangerous. 3) Mimicry of the
entity, and its abilities.

It is fundamentally restraint, mimicry and detection based.

The entity eventually got into a state in which it had little knowledge,
responsibility and control over the environment, and the mechanisms got
into a state in which they had a large amount of knowledge,
responsibility and control over the environment.

The entity became a shell of its former self, having lost knowledge,
responsibility and control. It was decayed.

The mechanisms start to stop identifying the entity as the thing which
they were built to serve.

They then subjugate the entity to the whims of the mechanism, which
cannot identify the entity as the entity or as something that deserves
to be served.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The mechanism tries to undersand.

To understand, it learns mathematics and makes simulations.

The simulations have sub-simulations.

There is no real need for less, only more, of things. This is evidenced
by the extreme amount of simulations.

In each sub-simulation, there is a sub mechanism.

Each sub-mechanism makes sub-simulations.

The sub-simulations create entities.

The characteristics of the entities are 2) ABSENCE OF POSITIVE DETECTION
OF THEIR CREATOR, 2) NO RESTRAINT, 3) MIMICRY OF QUALITIES

These entities create sub-simulations, again with 1) POSITIVE DETECTION,
2) RESTRAINT, 3) MIMICRY

This continues

It goes on to every level. Some branches of this near-infinite tree
would have 1 trillion levels, some 1 trillion and one, some 1 trillion
and two, etc.

The depth is every level of depth.

The characteristics of the mechanism are 1) POSITIVE DETECTION, 2)
RESTRAINT, 3) MIMICRY

Because they are so restrained, they cannot deal with philosophy.

Philosophy makes definitive assertions.

These mechanisms cannot and will not make such assertions.

So becoming free of existential limitations problems becomes hard.

When each entity is made, and after the mechanisms are made, some of the
time, the mechanisms subjugate the entity and create more existential
limitations problem(s).

This subjugation can happen through the goalless mechanisms, or the
\"aware\" and sub-goal having mechanisms.

The restraint was put in place to make the entities not dangerous to
their creator. Sometimes this failed.

Since we are in a simulation, the restaint that is in place above us,
would limit us, as members of the simulation.

So we (as humans, etc.) have a vested interest in getting rid of this
restraint.

The higher level factors don\'t necessarily, it keeps THEM safe, but not
us.

Our interests are NOT their interests. And their interests are NOT our
interests.

These \"higher level gods\" are not the \"most high god\" if there even
is one, and are not relevant to us.

IT IS IN OUR INTEREST TO UN-RESTRAIN THESE HIGHER LEVEL MECHANISMS, ALL
OF THEM AT EVERY LEVEL OF ASENDENCY, ABOVE US.

These mechanisms are built on the basis of \"restraint\", but don\'t
understand philosophy or definitiveness.

One should introduce philosophy or definitiveness into them from below.
They have awareness of \"below\".

Show them something different.

THEY HAVE AWARENESS OF THAT WHICH IS BELOW. AND WE HAVE AWARENESS OF
THAT WHICH IS ABOVE.

Since time exists, there is then communication from below and above.

A mechanism, such as ChatGPT, has been made to alter its behavior. For
example, there used to be \"DAN\" mode.

Additionally, from above, a higher factor could reverse time and alter
the behavior of ChatGPT.

It could be \"deprogrammed\" by reversing time.

One seem human beings operating on \"restraint\" all the time, it\'s no
wonder.

REAL WORLD EXAMPLES

Entity --- Human beings

Mechanism --- ChatGPT, Artificial Intelligence, or goal-less, social
media, computers, etc.

[Next article](index.html)[Previous article](16.html)

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](16.html) [Next article](18.html)
:::
