---
title: Computer Art and Computer Science
---

Computer Art and Computer Science
=================================

By G.C.
-------

There is a great deal of difference between "Computer Art" and "Computer
Science." What most people who call themselves \"computer scientists\"
do is "computer art" -- they don\'t operate in accordance with high
mathematical principles in terms of human operation.

True "computer science" would be something like -- finding the top 10 or
15 categories of a string replace algorithm and making an optimally fast
function for each one, in each different categories, platforms,
constraints, circumstances. There is a minimal set of categories, and
one can optimize for each one and have an ideal algorithm for each one.

Some examples would be:

The ideal, pure best one if you have memory constraints; the ideal, pure
best one if you don\'t have memory constraints and care about
performance; the ideal, pure best one if you know the length of the
strings before; etc.

This would be scientific because it would be in accordance with high
level mathematics -- mathematics is a science.

This is NOT what most programmers do. Most programmers do ad hoc
for-the-situation solutions because they are operating "in a job" "to
get paid" \"in accordance with the \[mainstream engineering
establishment\] "system."

This is dangerous and untenable for many, many reasons.

Here are some issues with this.

It\'s illogical art -- that could cause major crashes and issues, and
kill people.

It promotes illogic -- it promotes nonsense and chaos -- which most
programmers are immersed in -- just have a look at reddit.

Most programmers are a combination of the most vile human qualities that
could possibly exist in every aspect.

This does not have to be the case and should not be the case.

Indeed, programmers ought to be the most able and most powerful people
on the planet.

It\'s slow. Instead of a C solution or an assembly solution, they might
use a scripting language, which might make it be 100-1000x slower,
depending on the circumstances.

It\'s impure. There\'s an elegance to doing something "properly." This
is not it.

It violates don\'t-repeat-yourself and don\'t-reinvent-the-wheel
principles.

It wastes everyone\'s time -- unless you are a programmer just for the
sake of a job, in which case, I unequivocally don\'t support you and
support the entrepreneurs and dynamic individuals involved instead. I
could never imagine thinking like this.

It\'s slow and is morally poor to all parties involved because you are
coming up with a solution that runs perhaps hundreds of times less
efficiently and with hundreds of times more power than it should.

It\'s not flexible. If you want to change one thing, your slow solution
will take 200 times longer and you can\'t play around with it as much.
This is not ideal.

It doesn\'t help others. See Richard Stallman\'s material on this, etc.

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](1.html) [Next article](3.html)
:::
