---
title: 'How to Deprogram Others From the Mainstream Engineering
  Establishment -- Or How to Deprogram Yourself (Part 1)'
---

How to Deprogram Others From the Mainstream Engineering Establishment -- Or How to Deprogram Yourself (Part 1)
==============================================================================================================

*And in so doing, gain love, empathy, compassion, gratitude, a sharing mindset, and live up to the true nature of your moral and ethical foundation.*
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

By G.C.
-------

I use the word "Deprogram," quite literally, for the Mainstream
Engineering Establishment is more extreme, more influential, and more
wide-pervasive than any other "Cult" or religious movement. Actually,
it\'s more powerful than Christianity and Islam combined, and dominates
in society over any religion or ideology. To be clear -- it is the
mainstream ideology that is put in place by force and which people are
compelled to submit to through economic and social duress.

Actually, the vices that it creates, create many of the so-called
"issues" with mainstream organized religion itself. Mostly, those vices
are just its vices -- the people that create the ships, create the
swords, the masons, the manufacturers, the engineers -- have a long
secretive and proprietary tradition of hiding things, manipulating
others, and abusing circumstances for their advantage. It\'s hard to
consider that priests alone could harm others, it is only in the
presence of the people that actually create the objects we use, the
technologies we use, have the know-how to make them, and set up our
modern world, that high powers go corrupt -- and, indeed, they give the
means by which TO become corrupt. And so things have gone through
history. But the same Greek and Latin traditions remain -- from two
millennia ago, where slavery was rampant and when there were dictators.
*The rights of all men* -- was a foreign concept.

One of the recent things that has happened was that they pitted people
against religion in the West, presumably to divide people and conquer
people. Such certainly happened -- millions of people died in the 30
Years War and all of the religious conquests.

This has led to an ideological hatred of religion -- divorced from
reason.

Anything new that they have not yelled at, "debated" thoroughly -- they
brand a cult or something. The have created a notion of "secularism"
whereby they seek to divide the minds of man and separate the ideals of
engineering with the norms of a religious context -- not on the basis of
reason but on the basis of ideology. There is a fake notion of "science"
-- that "everyone knows everything always" -- which is unequivocally not
true, readily debunked, promulgated by the most secret and proprietary
individuals -- hypocritically -- is more of an academic propaganda line
or an opiate for the weak than something that would be sincerely taken
seriously by any group of individuals. This plainly cannot be true --
and this pseudo-skepticism is very harmful. "Science" is not a glittery
thing that exists everywhere, catering to the brightest minds with a
cute hugging face -- having your Safety and Security and best interests
in mind. No, it is not that way.

Going back to the ideas of "Cults" -- anything new since the chaos they
had created is branded separate "from the collective" -- the notion of
"universalism" is abused on multiple fronts. They act as if their angry,
vitriolic assertions apply for all -- that some people are "always bad,"
"always degraded," "cannot" do things, should "never" talk to someone,
should "never" show compassion, empathy, or brotherhood with a given
individual, should "never" be close to an individual, should "never"
support someone with money, etc.

They brand anything new a "Cult" -- the Mormon movement, the Scientology
movement, MAGA-ism, woke-ism, anything (and the mainstream engineering
establishment is responsible for BOTH anti-MAGA AND anti-woke hysteria).

In the context of Scientology, the mainstream engineering establishment
has perverted the foundation of that body of findings, has TURNED it
into a religion from non-religion, both literally and metaphorically,
and, indeed, maybe many criticisms are merited, but these criticisms are
closet criticisms of the mainstream engineering establishment itself in
addition. The "institutional" criticisms are categorically irrelevant --
Scientology is a bunch of findings about the mind -- fucked up and
bastardized by the mainstream engineering establishment -- relegated to
a "religious context" (forced into it) -- because the mainstream
engineering establishment wants to be "separate" -- wants separation of
peoples and a lack of unity. They cannot justify this based on reason or
any moral framework or even common sense, so it is done through
propaganda, sensationalism, and outright dominance (as in, if you do a
scientific study, we will reject you. If you support Engineering (the
ideal), we will reject you, fire you, you will lose your livelihood,
your wife will leave you, your kids will leave you, your friends will
argue with you).

Here are some Invalid criticisms:

-   It\'s a cult! (Vitriol, sensationalism, superficial, no-science,
    no-nuance, non-scholarly, unequivocally anti-empirical, not wanting
    things to be tested in general)
-   \"The organization\" does \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (!!!!!) --
    Irrelevant. This is worse than people whining about COVID vaccine (I
    actually heard, THIS IS NOT SCIENCE!!!!!! THIS IS SCIENTOLOGY!!!!!!
    IT\'S NOT SCIENCE. \[about COVID\]) -- (reasons for invalid
    criticism -- lacking empathy, hating Enlightenment values and
    science)
-   \"It cant be done because it\'s (so) secret\[ive\]\" -- Now, this is
    just disinformation -- an outright lie -- all the information is
    readily available to be tested and can be torrented -- there is a
    minority that cannot -- such is not important or foundational. I
    should reiterate this likes 10 times -- however, right now, I\'m not
    focusing on the advocacy of scientific integrity---a worthwhile
    cause -- in the case of COVID, in the case of Scientology, in the
    case of engineering---but, in this article, am mainly talking about
    Deprogramming from the Mainstream Scientific Establishment Cult.

Here are some Valid comments.

-   \"Alright, we have here a body of findings about the mind, let\'s
    see the efficacy of it -- force a group discourse on it -- stymie
    stupidity and sensationalism, change bits if we have to, not give a
    damn about any legal or copyright fake-worries. See how it applies
    to Biotech. Get Vivek Ramaswamy to talk about it.\"
-   \"Hmm, okay, so apparently there\'s a building where there is
    technology based upon NASA tech to train astronauts -- this is
    unequivocally true -- and yet the mainstream news media is mostly
    not talking about this. Okay, let\'s redefine, in a non-partisan
    way, our scholarly interrelationship between Religion and
    Engineering -- the old interpretation is outmoded now --
    unequivocally -- it is old. NASA and Religion. Hmm.\"
-   \"Let\'s try to debunk it wholly and take the useful findings and
    increase mental health care for all. Crack down on it wholly, outlaw
    it, change psychiatry to include tech based on NASA tech (modern
    Scientology tech as has existed since the 1970s).\"
-   Secular humanists maybe want to outlaw it? Fine. You can do that.
    But, secular humanists, as distinct from the mainstream engineering
    establishment, probably wouldn\'t want to do this -- it would be too
    "effective" and "definitive." Instead, such people would want
    sensationalism to "win" and everyone to be divorced from reason. But
    this is another argument -- and not my main argument here (my
    criticism of the mainstream engineering establishment -- which is
    not the same thing as secular humanism -- at all -- however, it
    perverts secular humanists and makes them neither "secular" nor
    "humanist" -- and ruins the philosophy, as pure as it might look at
    first glance. The issues that have ruined secularism humanism or
    "atheism" are the same issues that have ruined Scientology -- this
    perverse coupling with the mainstream engineering establishment. And
    both get tons of hate and are actually in the same camp, whether
    they admit it or not, in many, many ways.
-   Another alternative is to not have an issue with it and let it grow
    and take over the world -- the church, specifically. This could
    work. Or it could be outlawed and secular humanists could be given
    dictate over the affairs of the West -- this could also work -- but
    ONLY if it\'s findings are tested and used -- and not divorced by
    the severely mentally challenged or full-autistic. Enough retards
    squirm or get introverted on this subject, they cannot be supported.
    Science should be science.

So that\'s an essay about "Cults." In the following article we will talk
about deprogramming from this cult -- the mainstream engineering
establishment -- which is far worse than Scientology or Atheism or Islam
or Christianity or Wokeism or MAGA-ism or Jim Jones or actual
death-cults -- *far worse*.

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](2.html) [Next article](4.html)
:::
