---
title: 'How to Deprogram Others From the Mainstream Engineering
  Establishment -- Or How to Deprogram Yourself (Part 2)'
---

How to Deprogram Others From the Mainstream Engineering Establishment -- Or How to Deprogram Yourself (Part 2)
==============================================================================================================

*And in so doing, gain love, empathy, compassion, gratitude, a sharing mindset, and live up to the true nature of your moral and ethical foundation.*
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

By G.C.
-------

::: {style="text-align: center"}
Preface
-------
:::

\
\

::: {style="text-align: center"}
**YOU DON\'T HAVE TO FOLLOW SPECIFICATIONS OR "REQUIREMENTS" -- EVER.**
:::

\
\

And I mean this as unequivocally and thoroughgoingly as possible -- you
can let bridges collapse even. I\'m serious.

This is all in line with having the best reasoning ability. If it is
more reasonable to not follow "rules," then do not follow "rules" -- as
the case may be -- in line with Reason.

This is one of the biggest traps that exist.

And all some people think with is "Requirements" "Projects"
\[Circumstance A\], \[Circumstance B\], \[Circumstance C\], "I\'m in a
scripting environment," "I\'m in a Cents environment," "I\'m in terrain
with an unstable foundation," "I \...."

\
\

::: {style="text-align: center"}
**People get MIRED down into significances, into details, into the
unimportant.**
:::

\
\
\

And then they die without having paid attention to anything important.

Many think they can\'t.

YOU CAN.

OKAY?

YOU CAN.

YOU CAN BASE YOUR LIFE AROUND IMPORTANT THINGS. YOU DON\'T HAVE TO ONLY
FOCUS ON YOUR STRUCTURAL ENGINEERING OR SOFTWARE ENGINEERING JOB.

Or whatever it is.

Snap out of it.

You can face the big picture. And it\'s Okay if you\'re poor.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

::: {style="text-align: center"}
### How to Deprogram Others From the Mainstream Engineering Establishment -- Or How to Deprogram Yourself
:::

**\
\
**

Here is the technique or methodology.

Also, Best-advice from cult-deprogrammers probably is quite valid here.

Be gentle. If there\'s one thing to do -- be gentle. No coercion should
be used on oneself or others. Be gentle.

Be gradual. One can even be iterative -- doing certain portions slowly,
and doing things again and again.

It is very imperative that people understand that.

\
\
\
**Here is the list.**\
\

1.  Recognize that you Exist. (Personal epistemological, almost
    Descartian thing here. Recognize that you ARE.)
2.  Have individual agency irrespective of and separate from others
3.  Recognize they have choice To Be or Not Be an Engineer at will, and
    reject all qualities and accept all qualities of being an Engineer
    at will.
4.  Be completely willing to make a humongous mess or not make a
    humongous mess at will in their creations (people have issues on
    this point, actually neurotic obsessions on this point -- they are
    only somewhat justified, usually it\'s just immaturity and acting
    like a grade-schooler -- a lack of personal maturity)
5.  Be completely willing to create in groups creations that would be
    dynamic, but potentially very dangerous. For example -- the creation
    of a laser beam that could be used for mass change (hypothetical
    example).
6.  Be completely willing to have personal financial ruin -- and to have
    ones wife, husband, family and kids be impoverished along with one
    -- This point might be hard for some people -- but it\'s a high
    state. Independence of financial obsession leads to integrity.
7.  Be willing to fight -- metaphorically and literally -- physically --
    to fight for good, to fight against what is not right.
8.  To increase your analytical abilities and creations above the status
    quo, for all, collectively. The mainstream engineering establishment
    doesn\'t understand GNU principles -- it doesn\'t understand
    Judeo-Christian principles -- it doesn\'t understand "secular
    humanist principles" -- it doesn\'t understand any moral principles.
9.  Find what you truly believe -- philosophically. It doesn\'t matter
    where you\'re from, think of the Beatles or Steve Jobs -- they went
    to India and had a spiritual experience. Find your true self -- but
    only on the basis of Reason and analytical abilities, if you base
    this on just emotion, your life will be wasted.

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](3.html) [Next article](5.html)
:::
