---
title: 'Analysis of the Broken "Engineering Establishment Mindset"'
---

Analysis of the Broken "Engineering Establishment Mindset"
==========================================================

By G.C.
-------

The mainstream engineer is unequivocally in a very, very broken culture.

This culture is leading to many significant problems in the world (see
also: [**The Problem with the Mainstream Engineering
Establishment**](1.html) on this blog/site.)

But what is their mindset and why is it so dangerous and why must it be
opposed to absolutely forcefully and vehemently?

To start with, in no way is it democratic and in no way is it inspired
by reason and French- and American-inspired Enlightenment Values.

It is based on authoritarian conformity. And as such, it is based on
upholding nonsense traditions -- I am not using such as an insult, but
by "nonsense," I mean, a lack of high level reason in accordance with
mathematics or trying to solve a high-level problem (see: [**The Problem
with the Mainstream Engineering Establishment**](1.html)).

It upholds nonsense, people build new skyscrapers while everyone at half
the height of the skyscraper and lower is burning -- burning with
thousands of problems, problems the mainstream engineering establishment
is knowingly creating and supporting and is cognizant of.

The people in charge in the mainstream engineering establishment know of
and actively WANT these problems, because these problems lead to
submission and conformity to them. Engineers are people who plan and
create our world -- it is created flawed on purpose be the complacent
and the deeply antidemocratic and corrupt.

The only solution, because speaking is unlikely to work -- is to fight
back, with literal force and violence, ideally in a macro-organized way,
by means of communication channels such as the internet, in order to
fight back at this. Occupy Wall Street is a disgrace, and perhaps, a
conspiracy theorist might even think was staged. This movement didn\'t
do much to fight back.

Now, this is a big thing:
-------------------------

**When people assume conformity, when a man assumes his mistress must
have sex with him, and she is socially pressured by him and feels
near-powerless to disagree or express dissent -- when there is group
agreement about "the way of the world" or the \"way something works\",
one should know this:**

**When violence is exerted, it acts as an effective substitute for that
which one is socially told they cannot express.**

This goes for liberals or conservatives.

If the woman slapped her would-be rapist, if the slave attacks his
slavemaster, if the common folk attacks the engineer or the engineering
establishment with force or a show of force, it effectively opens the
door to an increased range of discourse and a more democratic set of
circumstances. This, then, opens the door to an equitable, fair,
democratic process.

This is why things like January 6 or liberal protests can be valuable
and effective. Because liberals and conservatives try to shut each other
up, and sometimes people\'s eyes need to be opened.

It is a conformity-culture, and this is all they know, it really is and
if you speak out they yell at you. It is important to ALWAYS step over
them and get the last word -- like whack-a-mole.

Indeed, these individuals are vermin and deserve to be gassed or killed
unequivocally. Not from a partisan standpoint, but on the basis of
mathematics and reason.

Let\'s be quite candid here: There is just no point to
working-your-way-up and becoming a billionaire in Biotech or some field
or whatever, and acting like a gleaming ray of light, when the same
vileness would continue. They are not listening to you. They don\'t want
to listen to you. And you will be complicit in not fighting back, this
will be YOUR sin, not necessarily theirs, and your complacency will be
your biggest fault. Then, if or when a nuclear bomb gets dropped, your
family might die, your business might crash and go into pieces, all
because you were being \"Mr. Clean\" or "Ms. Clean" and trying to not
get a criminal record or trying to not get legal charges. This will have
been your fault. *Be willing to get messy.* Be willing to be defiant. Be
willing to go into poverty, have your wife leave you, be hungry. I have
certain been hungry on many occasions. A \"gleaming beacon of smiles\"
isn\'t saving anyone, it\'s lying to people. **It\'s lying to people.**
And these smiley types deserve, quite possibly, terrible treatment, the
law in many cases is backwards. It rewards people who don\'t fight for
good causes, and penalizes people who act in a heroic fashion. Whatever
you think of them, think of Martin Luther King Jr. or Nelson Mandela.
These people got punished by the law for trying to make the world a
better place. I also got punished by the law for trying to make the
world a better place. And so should you. The legal system is rigged and
unfair. It rewards criminals and complacency. It punishes free speech
and fighting back. It punishes doing the right thing.

The victims of this culture act in the following ways

They take on a "dorks" disposition, the culture degrades people, and
makes people feel like, both individually, socially, societally, and
epistemologically:

-   failures
-   retards
-   3rd graders
-   autistic people
-   outcasts
-   people who lack volition
-   a member of a hivemind
-   an anonymous agency-lacking entity
-   a dark secret \[something\]
-   a member of the modern day agenda, apolitical, submitting to what is
    new unthinkingly
-   second place
-   a loser
-   a pariah
-   a nerd
-   a geek
-   one who must unthinkingly accept a submissive second place role
-   a victim
-   one who supports nonsense (e.g., video games, etc.)
-   one who makes a large number of versions of a given thing, divorced
    from a mathematical or logical sense of idealism or perfectionism
-   non-perfectionists
-   non-perfect people
-   collectively ruined
-   collectively suicidal
-   non-ideological
-   non-choosing
-   mainstream-guidance-accepting
-   tribal
-   cliquish
-   childish
-   arrogant
-   non-individual
-   rude
-   vile
-   asshole-like
-   nonconstructively combative
-   irresponsible
-   supportive of "over democratization" (i.e., immediate hive mind
    rule)
-   a listener
-   a member of a culture that always listens (and if others don\'t
    listen to a given data point or statement, they degrade them or
    fight them)
-   a member of a culture that values a working sample over any
    semblance of pragmatism or idealism -- someone who degrades someone
    or acts like an asshole \[or acts superior in some deluded way\] to
    someone if they don\'t have a working sample
-   a member of a culture that assumes that all other people act like
    them, and if they don\'t, they try to fight them or degrade them
    \[or act superior in some deluded way\]
-   a member of a culture that assumes individual mind and character
    degradation and "emplacement" \[putting the individual into their
    place\] of all individuals, and tries to demand such if the
    situation is different \[or closet-demands it, they get confused if
    they can\'t socially demand it, fortunately the current society\'s
    average is better than this\]
-   doesn\'t understand, sympathize with, empathize with, or love,
    concepts like dynamism, vitality, fighting against the odds
    successfully, success itself, or any concept that could be conflated
    with good circumstances or liberation from this culture
-   And others qualities.

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](4.html) [Next article](6.html)
:::
