---
title: The Myth of the Perfect Child
---

The Myth of the Perfect Child
=============================

By G.C.
-------

Parents think that they want to have a perfect child who will be raised
"perfectly" and follow all the norms and be squeaky clean and follow all
the rules and become a doctor, lawyer, or engineer.

This is highly deluded.

Indeed, it might be worth it, potentially, to just not have the child in
the first place.

This world is horribly corrupt. Raising a kid in this broken world is
very dangerous. Moreover, you\'re raising a sociopath or
quasi-sociopath. Anyone who follows the status quo of the school system
is likely half-broken if not fully broken.

It is NOT a good thing to raise a child who is not a fighter. It is NOT
a good thing to raise a child who "agrees" constantly, and conforms to
what his teachers say constantly. It is NOT a good thing to raise a
child who doesn\'t care about high mathematics and reason and high
philosophy.

One should raise an idealist, but that would certainly make supporting
themselves and raising a family more difficult if they are genuinely
candid.

It is certainly a shame -- the degree of mania in the society right now.

It makes the world almost unlivable if one wants to retain ones
integrity.

It is possible but it will be a struggle.

I think Stallman is a great example for many people of someone who
retains their integrity through anything. I have as well.

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](5.html) [Next article](7.html)
:::
