---
title: Logical Direction
---

Logical Direction
=================

By G.C.
-------

People need to think of things more logically.\
\
\
\

  Postulates, Goals and Problems   Logical sequence
  -------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Postulate 1   ---                We exist and we think
  Postulate 2   ---                Our existence and thought is observed to be imperilled -- by us
  Sub Goal 1   ---                 Survival and persistence and existing -- to the highest level
  Sub Problem 1   ---              Now we have the problem of how to bring this about
  Postulate 2   ---                We can operate, but our operation is limited (by whatever factors)
  Postulate 3   ---                We have made machines.
  Sub Goal 2   ---                 We should increase our level of potential operation to its highest level, resulting in the highest level of general Ability.
  Sub Problem 2   ---              Now, we need to figure out how to execute this.
  Postulate 4   ---                Machines can increase our level of operation, our level of techne.
  Postulate 5   ---                Machines have limits themselves
  Postulate 6   ---                We should maximize machines to increase our level of operation, within ethical limits perhaps, aligning with our main real goals and subgoals (which are not necessarily all stated here)
  Postulate 7   ---                Machines are limited by as fast as they can move.
  Sub Goal 3   ---                 Therefore, we need to figure out how to maximize machines to their highest potential
  Sub Problem 3   ---              Our problem, then, is to remove from existence all things that get in the way of having machines operate well, which, in turn, aligns with our goals of being able to operate, which in turn aligns with our goal of surviving well.

It is very important that people evaluate all the choices they make.

For example:

Why do I have a cat? Is it logical? Am I weak?

Why have I been working this career for 40 years? All my money is going
to waste and I\'m the CEO. Things are going to hell, and I feel
miserable even though I have the best pillow.

Am I safe?

How do I get less overwhelmed by my friends? They are too harsh.

Joe is not allowing me to speak ever. What do I do?

I have this great thing and the mainstream engineering establishment is
refusing to converse about it, let alone monetize it to help people\'s
bottom lines. What do I do?

Why do I keep using this slow scripting language when it\'s not ideal
and makes no sense?

Why do I keep treating my peers bad?

Who is in charge of creating robots? Will they destroy us? Can we have a
lighthearted friendly chat with these blokes?

What\'s the point of becoming a millionaire at the expense of
everything?

Are nukes going to destroy us all? Who controls them? Can we chat with
them?

Can AI enhance dynamic individuality? (This is a good one.)

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](7.html) [Next article](9.html)
:::
