---
title: Perfect Hardware and Software
---

Perfect Hardware and Software
=============================

By G.C.
-------

For some reason, since the advent of the computing revolution, no one
has been aiming for perfect hardware or software.

Now, in the realm of hardware, this is somewhat understandable, there
are physical limitations (at least in theory -- maybe there are not)
that impede things from happening. People work to overcome these.

But in the context of the limits of such, there is software.

The amount of layers of abstraction that people have created in
software, that just end up making a given operation take 100 times
longer, and therefore being less flexible if someone wants to do it a
different way, is astounding.

Take, for example, filesystem access and modification speed of C vs.
Node.js or Ruby or Python (or C++ with slow libraries).

The difference is tremendous. All without any physical differences, just
because C is closer to the machine.

These unabashed abstraction layers are divorced from idealism and logic
(see the 1st and 6th article) and slow everything and everyone down.
There is no upside, other than increasing work hours (which is a
terrible reason, and should not be supported).

There is no reason why the same functions that, say, Ruby has to read a
file, cannot exist in a ubiquitous and ideal form in C - ideal in every
context, and every platform, with different implementations and perhaps
different function names depending on the platform.

Does anything like this exist? It does now (to be humble, at least in a
working version) -- with FOUNDATIONALLIB - FOUNDATIONALLIB for C
(github.com/gregoryc/foundationallib)

There is also no reason why using a computer should be HARD or SLOW or
ERROR-PRONE.

And there is no reason why code can\'t be dynamic enough to customize
the output depending on the platform and circumstances - ensuring these
things

IDEAL SPEED -- INCLUDING NO EXCESSIVE OPERATIONS

IDEAL OPERATION -- ALL ERRORS CHECKED UNLESS YOU DON\'T WANT SUCH

PROPER CUSTOMIZATION

MINIMAL MEMORY USAGE -- WHEN IT MATTERS

This is the ideal. All should seek for it -- and should fight to have
others seek for it -- perhaps literally fight if needed or wanted.

We live in a highly computerized world, there\'s no reason not to make
every aspect of it perfect.

::: {.article_link}
[Previous article](8.html) [Next article](10.html)
:::
